------
ISSUES
------

connect on start is checked by default, but doesn't actually hold a real value until you uncheck it

if parentheses are present in a redeem name, twitch will send it to us twice in a row... i have no idea why this is

for some gui subs i dont remember why i'm using critical there but is it possible that could stall an open connection or the validate timer?

clicking add account and entering a garbage value will ungrey out the enable monitor button. if you click the button tho it's not a huge deal it just says connection isnt good

running AddAccount which runs SetAsLinked will make validate happen twice in a row. same with program start's validate call immediately coming before SetAsLinked

WaitForResponse() with no timeout param is supposed to wait infinitely, but it times out nearly instantly if it doesn't receive a response... what's the deal here? it's technically behaving in my program the way i want it to, so for now i'll set this aside i guess

completed:
----------


-----
IDEAS
-----

tbh could use some more comments describing the purpose of things

for user safety, hide access token in console output and warn before showing it on the github.io page

playsound only plays wav files, so it'd be nice to replace it with something else if possible
also maybe it'd be good to have sounds overlap and not cut each other off but PlaySound can't do that so this might be a big task

allow user to select tts voice and have the program use reg script to add Mark. i'd just put the option in the popup when you add a new tts

inform the user the app is or will minimize to tray
- if u only want it to show on first run, mayb u can just use the settings files to determine that, like if auth/list/channel name are all empty then it's first launch
- kinda wondering if i should make minimize to tray a toggle.. but i'd really need a dedicated settings menu for that and... yea mayb not yet

print to console the results of adding/removing/revoking account links

add an easy update button that direct downloads the exe and inserts it exactly where it's supposed to

add a stop all sounds button

add volume control option... can just be done via windows mixer tho

maybe show a time remaining for the token in the gui idk

mayb down the line have a verbosity button toggle for the console where one is human readable and one is technical. idk maybe a bad idea

save log output to a file and just read from that so we dont memleak
*more like so we dont exceed max variable size which is 64MB but that'll never happen unless
your chat is vinesauce-tier busy AND you leave script on for like 16 streams in a row so yea not a problem for now
but it'll be useful if the program CTD's or something and user needs to send a log

employ a system to check that there are no duplicate sound file redeem names in the application (edge case, user would have to WANT to break things)
the 'add tts' button already warns u, but what if u launch with multiple tts already there. also sound file redeem name duplicates aren't checked
